Port LinePaginator from all bots. (#189)
python-discord/bot-core: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> - :release:`10.5.2 <4th January 2024>`

Reviewer: This is a new feature with no breaking changes, so lets bump the minor version, rather than patch

> - :feature:`189` Add :obj:`pydis_core.utils.pagination.LinePaginator`, the class that allows to paginate content in the form of Embeds, facilitating navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :feature:`189` Add :obj:`pydis_core.utils.pagination.LinePaginator` which allows users to paginate over content using Embeds, with emoji reactions facilitating navigation.
```
